In this exercise which is exercise 11,
we're gonna calculate how much money to save
so that we can cover our children's college
or university expenses.
Okay and since we all have different expectations
of how much we need to have saved to pay
for our children's education I'm gonna create
a framework for you here okay.
And you can fill in your own assumptions
in order to determine how much you need to save monthly
in order to have enough money if applicable,
for your child's education.
And so in this framework you can also enter in
your expected interest rates on the money you save
and the number of years.
And please don't forget that you need to pay taxes
on what you save when you take it out of,
of an account like this okay.
And so please select exercise 11 if you haven't
already done so and complete the exercise called
exercise 11, educations needs.
And if you have any questions as always
please let me know.
Thank you.